String testing methods
----------------------
isalnum() - Returns T if string contains only alpha letters or num digits and is at least one char in len. Returns F otherwise.
isalpha() - Returns T if string contains only alpha letters and is at least one char in len. Returns F otherwise.
isdigit() - Returns T if string contains only num digits and is at least one char in len. Returns F otherwise.
islower() - Returns T if all of alpha letters in string are lowercase, and the string contains at least one alpha letter. Returns F otherwise.
isspace() - Returns T if string contains only whitespace chars and is at least one char in len. Returns F otherwise. Whitespace chars are spaces, newlines \n, and tabs \t
isupper() - Returns F if all alpha letters in string are uppercase, and the string contains at least one alpha letter. Returns F otherwise.


String modification methods
----------------------------
lower() - Returns a copy of string with all alpha letters converted to lowercase. Any char that is already lowercase, or is not an alpha letter, is unchanged
lstrip() - Returns a copy of string with all leading whitespace chars removed. 
Leading whitespace chars are spaces, newlines \n, and tabs \t that appear at the beginnning of the string

lstrip(char) - The char argument is a string containing a char. Returns a copy of the string with all instances of char that appear at the beginning of the string removed
rstrip() - Returns a copy of the string with all trailing whitespace chars removed. 
Trailing whitespace chars are spaces, newlines \n, and tabs \t that appear at the beginnning of the string

rstrip(char) - The char argument is a string containing a char. The method returns a copy of the string with all instances of char that appear at the end of the string removed.
strip() - Returns a copy of the string with all leading and trailing whitespace chars removed.
strip(char) - Returns a coipy of the string with all instances of char that appear at the beginning and the end of the string removed
upper() - Returns a copy of the string with all alpha letters converted to uppercase. Any character that is already uppercase, or is not an alpha letter, is unchanged.

String search and replace methods
---------------------------------
endswith(substring) - The substring arg is a string. The method returns T if the string ends with substring
find(substring) - The substring arg is a string. The method returns the lowest index in the string where substring is found. 
If substring is not found, the method returns -1

replace(old, new) - The old and new arg are both strings. The method returns a copy of the string with all instance of old is replaced by new
startswith(substring) - The substring arg is a string. The method returns T if the string starts with a substring
